*note: I often find my definition falls out of the popular eye so I included the epitomic 

affirmative-complimentary-language-friends delusion - common delusion whereby people who speak in complimentary and/or affirmative language believe listener faction increases are more likely to occur than they actually are likely to occur.

elephesence - with great love and care for children; .

entactogoan - a behavior that creates a [potentially hallucinatory] sense of empathy between a transducer and some other stimuli.

epitomesence - ep'tomesence; eptomesence; (1) n.; the superlative version of something [like an outbound communication, a personality, or a self (pleading sense)]

epitomic - (1) adv.; superlatively; (2) adj. (less used); superlative; (3) n. a behavior or stimuli that causes someone/something to be its best; (4) v. to apply an epitomic.  

eutogen - the opposite of a teratogen; a stimulus (usually foreign) that benefits a human developing in the womb. #jm, 2023, psy 609.
simultaneous internal motivation scope model (SIMSM) - the theory that there are scopes of motivation, similar to scopes in computer programming languages, which are ideal dialog points for manipulating other scopes of emotion; for example, there may be a surface-level motivation to do the dishes, but also a deep obessive motivation to do something destructive, and a self-esteem-level motivation to feel bad about oneself.

Femyoz argument - synonym, bio-essentialist argument - 

goan - a behavior that creates a hallucination.

optimized (Libera/IRC standard) - written in language the youngest possible child would understand as concisely as possible.

presence - the gift that is you, here right now, IRL (in real life), your company, your continuous quiditiy in the present (not in the mind), your opaqueness, your you, your vision/personality/emotion/mood/mind, you.

scales [of combat] - military terminology; 

var-root behavioring - behavior being caused by var.

```
the TACTIAL scale is "the smallest unit-sized level of combat", often consisting of only single units or partial units! Meaning INDIVIDUALS WILL BE MAKING DECISIONS!

the STRATEGIC scale refers to the goal of the first few lines of military combat such as achieving new cover, better oversight, or additional security: often refers to 6-10 units and their immediate surroundings but can also refer to shipment deadlines being shifted for small parts of battalions.

the OPERATIONAL scale refers to losses that can effect the whole war.

arguments are made for additional levels to dispel ambiguities in more-complex-organizations (example a, "the state level" referring to the president or prime minister's office; example b, the first line could be referred to as "THE DIRECT-DEMOCRACY-LEVEL" and the group of men (including some leaders) willing to fight against tyrannical leadership on-time would be referred to as "THE PARTISAN LEVEL" and the group of men they would oppose as "THE OPPONENT LEVEL"--this type of linguistic option is useful in manual-authoring for, for example, DEI, where we learn that most front-line troops are coerced in many ways to be there and would rather commit suicide than harm their state's enemy (the partisans, for example): by referring to them as opponents rather than enemies, the reduction in priming helps tactical forces to more-rapidly/REFLEXIVELY consider MANY MORE OPTIONS TO FACILITATE SURRENDER and NOT reflexively killing! Allied-level front-line scientists found >90% of partisan opponents were willing to surrender immediately when asked and would have surrendered from a great distance if asked to do so in the form of fleeing from their own troops toward the final surrender point when asked). Although this study was conducted on the front-line in Ukraine, similar study outcomes are expected in front-line Canaan-Palestine.
```

tolerate - to listen without expressing costly, risky, or violent behavior (i.e., "We cannot tolerate violence; however, we are willing to listen to your complaints and act favorably on your behalf."); 


-phobizable - with the potential to bring out a phobia (i.e., he asked the children to look away and waited a moment: it was a hemophobizable situation).



-ceptive - the ability to tolerate and most-likely understand all realities that come to bear (for example, hemoceptive: able to tolerate l 
